build: setup binny to install and run CLI binary tools with hard-coded versions (#383)
customerio/customerio-ios: docs/dev-notes/DEVELOPMENT.md

### Development tools 

> The SDK project uses various CLI tools for Swift/iOS development. The SDK uses the tool [binny](https://github.com/customerio/binny) to try and make use of these development tools easy to install and update. To setup `binny` and these development tools, follow these instructions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK project leverages several CLI tools essential for Swift/iOS development. To ensure a consistent development environment, we use binny, a tool designed to streamline the installation and updating process of these development tools. Follow the steps below to get started:
```
